Weekly snippets

Week of Feb. 29 Goals
1. Promotion, agenda, and materials for property DUG meeting
2. Outcomes for property user group sets 2016 agenda
3. More progress on publisher guide. Most 1st drafts nearing completion.
4. Sunlight survey
5. Set up Harrisburg meetings for March 22.
6. Share notes from EJ coffee meeting as blog post.
7. More data user conversations.


Week of Feb. 22 Accomplishments
1. Have direction on environmental event thanks to EJ user group coffee meeting
2. Had more data use conversations
3. Promoted next user group meeting next week.
4. Notes to Eleanor @ CLP re. event and broader collaborations
5. Talked to Smart Chicago
6. Registered for Pitt Day in Harrisburg
7. Progress in new publisher training materials
8. Brigade handoff complete!

Week of Feb. 22 Goals
1. Publishers Guide
2. More conversations
3. Get through little tasks (Sunlight, Scott's registry)
4. Plan data conference
5. Blog post outline
6. CUT Group planning
7. Inclusive innovation week planning
8. Share CLP collab. opportunities

Week of Feb. 15 Accomplishments
1. Have uncovered approaches to 311 ETL
2. Updated events calendar
3. Comments in on NNIP intermediary guide
4. Shared newsletter
5. SUDS talk complete
6. Drafted and shared job descriptions w DSS, Rick Stafford
7. Met with CLP to discuss collaboration
8. Handoff complete re. Open Pgh.
9. More conversations

Week of Feb 15 Goals
1. Busy week full of meetings - 
2. Research options for handling privacy on coordinate data through geographic masking
3. More publicity for meetings
4. Keep talking to people on data use
5. Prepare for SUDS talk
6. Get more job applicants
7. Share job descriptions for comment
8. Share newsletter
9. Catch up on ETL

Week of Feb. 8 Accomplishments
1. Advisory board followup ongoing
2. Had several good data use conversations
3. Up to speed on P4
4. Both job descriptions ready for comment
5. Shared notice of both upcoming user group meetings
6. Did not get to the publishers guide again. Try to devote an hour a night from home on this.
7. Plowed through lots of little tasks.

Week of Feb. 8 Goals
1. Advisory Board followup
2. Continue data use conversations for white paper
3. Catch up on P4
4. Publishers guide
5. Job descriptions
6. Outreach plan
7. Draft a new blog post
8. User group follow-up

Week of Feb. 1 Accomplishments
1. Advisory board followup started and notes done
2. Now have contact with 18f
3. Hill and Hazelwood to Liz
4. DHS class set to meet with me
5. So many little tasks finished.

Week of Feb. 1 Goals
1. Share out notes and questions for Advisory Board response
2. Begin to look at brokering relationships and projects between orgs and volunteers
3. Hill and Hazelwood follow-up
4. DHS Privacy class resources to students
5. New publisher outreach plan
6. Publisher's guide
7. Student job description


Week of Jan 25 Accomplishments
1. Advisory board meeting 
2. Maps done
3. DHS Class starts
4. Brigade handoff
5. Most little tasks completed, still a few remaining.

Week of Jan. 25 Goals
1. Successful advisory board meeting - Prep
2. Maps for renters
3. Catch up on email
4. Follow-up from leadership team
5. Outreach plan for new publishers
6. Write one section of publishers guide.
7. DHS Class starts - figure out how best to add value

Week of Jan. 18 Accomplishments
1. Successful project and leadership team meetings
2. Successful county Director's meeting
3. Good outreach to CONNECT
4. Met to talk through IMLS proposal with DSS and CLP
5. Initiated conversation with PA Open Records


Week of Jan. 18 Goals - MLK Week - 4 days
1. Non stop meetings
2. Talk to Nat'l academies on EJ training
3. Put in place County training materials for directors
4. Prep for Project and Leadership team meetings
5. Outreach to CONNECT
6. Stay on top of inbox


Week of Jan. 11 Accomplishments
1. User guide awaiting review
2. Added showcase elements
3. Met on Library proposal
4. Started work plan edits
5. P4 meetings start - big time commitment
6. Drafted one user guide section
7. Talked user conf. concept w Liz
8. Struggling on privacy user guide.


Week of Jan. 11 Goals
1. Share draft of County Department head presentation, then prep slides
2. Finish 311 User Guide
3. Draft two publisher guide sections
4. Find date for property data user group
5. County showcase elements
6. Work plan edits
7. Library Proposal
8. Job Description
9. User Conference Planning


Week of Jan. 4 Accomplishments

Things I want to do early in 2016 - 1st week.
1. Environmental Justice implementation begins (data list, research ?, education, data dive)
2. brigade handoff continues
3. Publishers' guide
4. 311 User Guide
5. Update the work plan.
6. Don't forget about: Vibrant PGH, Hill project, Renter maps, Air Quality ETL, Cleveland Foundation, staff appraisal, Supercomputing 



2016

2015



Week of Dec. 21 Accomplishments
1. Moved things along on all of the goals, but only wrapped-up # 4, 7

Week of Dec. 21 Goals
1. Get info to County on performance management
2. Enviro. Justice notes and plan shared with participants
3. Work plan updates
4. Kickoff Ontodia work
5. Finish performance reviews
6. Coordinate on small projects: Hill, Renter Map
7. Advisory board location notice

Week of Dec. 14 Accomplishments
1. CNI Presentation went well. Followup opportunities in place.
2. Performance metrics updated
3. Contracts in place with contractors
4. Shared EJ User Group plan with County
5. Hosted CLP candidate
6. Completed open refine instructions
7. Did not get to Advisory Board invite and job description

Week of Dec. 14 goals
1. Successful CNI presentation, reach out to library community
2. Update metrics
3. Move ahead on ETL with Ben
4. Plan in place with County on user group: research question, data list, communications talk, data dive
5. Update advisory board invite to include location
6. Draft student job description
7. Host CLP job candidate
8. Sheriff handoff

Week of Dec. 7 Accomplishments
1. County materials shared
2. Advisory Board meeting notice sent
3. 311 User guide draft under development
4. DHS Review finished
5. Tricia's suggestions addressed
6. Plan for user guide followup developed - participant email sent
7. Presentation in place for DC CNI talk
8. Pushed along Hill and PSC plans
9. Working on renter map
10. May be best to carve-out time during break on publisher guide

Week of Dec. 7 goals
1. Prep materials for County foundation report
2. Confirm advisory board meeting and send notice
3. Hill kickoff
4. Start 311 user guide
5. Finish DHS review
6. Letter for PSC finished
7. Library conference presentation
8. Finish draft of two user guide sections 
9. Review suggestions from Tricia Burmeister
10. Job description for student
11. User guide meeting follow-up

Week of Nov. 30 Accomplishments
1. Held 1st Data User Group meeting
2. 311 interview set
3. Newsletter published
4. Refinements to performance measurement incl. event satisfaction

Week of Nov. 30 Goals
1. Coordinate with ACHD on user group agenda/meeting
2. 311 interviews scheduled for user guide
3. Newsletter
4. team lunch
5. Sprint on user guide
6. more to come.

Week of Nov 23 Accomplishments
1. Performance management framework just about finished. Only testing and refinement left
2. Starting ETL consulting with Ben Smithgall
3. Supercomputing Center project talks
4. Water resource discussion.

Week of Nov. 23 Goals
1. Performance management
2. Promote user group
3. Ben Smithgall contract
4. Pave way to start work on publishers guide next week.
5. Eat turkey

Week of Nov. 16 accomplishments
1. Accomplished everything in goals except newsletter
2. Still have work to finish on performance management

Week of Nov. 16 Goals
1. On-board new county coordinator of strategic analytics
2. ontodia Scope of work to Phil
3. Ben Scope of work defined
4. User group announced with blog post
5. Performance management
6. Outreach to City
7. Plan with GTECH
8. Newsletter

Week of Nov. 9 Accomplishments
1. DHS review finished
2. Publisher's guide outline in place
3. SOW for ontodia draft shared
4. User group on calendar
5 Lots of little tasks take a lot of time out of the week.
6. NNIP blog post 
7. Met with data management volunteer
8. Good coord. meeting with County & City
9. Did not get to performance management
10. Developed relationship w/ Open Knowledge Foundation
11. POISE data in house!


Week of Nov. 9 Goals
1. Finish DHS review
2. Sprint on performance management
3. Outline for publisher's guide - sprint next week.
4. Contracting for consultants done
5. Small tasks
6. Complete interviews for developer job
7. User group meetings on calendar

Week of Nov. 2 Accomplishments
1. Finished Hill scope of work, 
2. Published assessment user guide, 
3. Scheduled management meeting, 
4. Mike made progress on DHS review. 
5. I'll need to schedule a time to do a sprint on publisher guides and performance measures
6. Prepared presentation for GTECH event
7. Lots of small tasks to do including portal scope of work. Trello is helping.
8. Idea - Publish FAQ for people interested in us from other cities.
9. interviewed towo candidates for open job.

Week of Nov. 2 Goals
1. Hill District asset mapping scope of work document shared
2. Finished 1st data user guide
3. Schedule project management meeting
4. Work on data publisher's guide - outline complete.
5. Complete DHS privacy review
6. Handoff open refine scripts
7. Contractor hiring process in place
8. Finish performance management process and share for review and testing

Week of Oct. 26 Accomplishments
1. Feels like I was playing catch-up all week after week away.
2. We are now scheduling developer interviews. Koury's handoff went well, but he'll be missed.
3. Made progress on the assessment user guide, but not finished yet.
4. Finished blog post on technology selection
5. Made good progress on health and stormwater data.
6. Found good privacy resources for use.
7. Still need to finish Hill project scope of work.

Week of Oct 26 Goals
1. Data User Group meetings on the calendar
2. Update publisher's guide
3. Finish assessment user guide
4. Developer hand-off
5. Promote the job post


Week of Oct. 19 Accomplishments
1. NNIP meeting went well.
2. Job posted and people applying
3. Blog post nearly ready.
4. Stayed on top of events away from town.
5. Don't think you can be too ambitious while away from town.

Week of Oct 19 Goals
1. NNIP partner meeting goes well
2. Develop transition list for developer handoff
3. Contracting with portal vendor - long-term
4. Stay on top of things from out of town.
5. Blog post written
6. Publisher guide progress
7. Start recruiting
8. User groups on calendar
9. User guide finished


Week of Oct. 12 Accomplishments
1. We launched the project. It went very well, but is really a blur.
2. Hackathon and launch party has me energized for civic tech.
3. Prepared all NNIP meeting materials and ready for Dallas

Week of Oct 12 Goals
1. Launch
2. Programmer job description
3. NNIP meeting materials
4. Have events on the calendar for launch

Week of Oct. 5 Accomplishments
1. Progress on launch
2. Learned how to integrate with Tableau and CartoDB
3. Arrangements in place for main launch event
4. Progress being made on portal

Week of Oct. 5 Goals
1. Organize launch tasks
2. Summit follow-up
3. Know how to use all open data plugins and tools
4. Have launch plans set for all events.
5. Have site nearly ready to go.
6. Schedule all related events. 

Week of September 28 Accomplishments
1. Met a lot of people at summit
2. Now have 18f contact on Midas
3. Great feedback from Data SF - need to follow-up
4. Interested in Living Cities approach - how to enliven civic sector.
5. Task list started.

Week of September 28 Goals
1. Launch Living Cities learning cities project
2. Get feedback from CfA summit
3. Develop task list for launch

Week of September 21 Accomplishments
1. Work going well on site. 
2. Cleveland went well. They lack champions but not insurmountable.
3. Followed yup with all but private sector advisory board members.
4. Launched good approach with Pitt library DSS on documentation.

Week of September 21 Goals
1. Plan for Web improvements prior to launch set with Koury (ETL, Plugins, home page, dataviz, etc).
2. Launch event plans (alternate events scheduled, advisory board invites w google group, session description)
3. Advisory board follow-up
4. Cleveland presentation a success
5. Website documentation in place
6. Plan for on-boarding new publishers
7. plan initial user group meetings

Week of September 14 Accomplishments
Launch plans in place
CKAN progress made on etl, metadata
Travel to Cle and Oakland set
Advisory board notes sent


Week of September 14 Goals
1. Launch plans set in place 
2. Continued progress on CKAN
3. ETL on Sheriff: recipe generated
4. Travel arrangements on CLE + Oakland
5. Advisory board followup

Week of September 8 Accomplishments
1. Advisory board meeting went well. Need to share the notes!
2. Launch plan progress made. Explore concept of multiple launches.
3. Progress made on sprints
4. Named learning partner in Living Cities
5. Still work to do on trainings.
6. Started looking at County data for ETL (DHS + Sheriff)

Week of September 8 Goals
1. Make progress on sprints (ETL and project management)
2. Hold successful advisory board meeting
3. Working plan in place for 10/15 launch
4. Review training materials
5. PEQ article

Week of August 31 Accomplishments
1. Consultant kickoff, leadership team successful
2. Advisory board plan in place
3. living Cities submission complete
4. Performance management ready for question development
5. Good DC visit to APDU - learned about Chicago data user groups


Week of August 31 Goals
1. Sprint plan for consultants developed, work begins
2. Present in DC at APDU
3. Advisory board presentation draft finished
4. Living cities form complete
5. Performance measures defined with Survey Research

Week of August 24 Accomplishments
1. Launch consultant process
2. Progress on 311, data loading
3. Agenda approved for Advisory Board
4. Ideas for cross-staff exchanges (city/County)

Week of August 24 Goals 
1. Finish data loading instructions
2. Consultants meeting successful
3. Plan for advisory board meeting in place
4. Progress on 311
5. DC APDU presentation complete
6. 2 items for brigade calendar in Sept.

Weekly snippets
Week of August 17 Accomplishments
1. Launch date set
2. Website content complete and ready for review
3. Training materials for loading data to CKAN underway
4. Consultant meeting agenda set
5. Learned how to have GIS convert files to GeoJSON format

Week of August 17 Goals 
1. Launch prep complete
2. Performance management enters survey design stage
3. Website content complete
4. Training materials for loading data to CKAN complete

Week of August 10 Accomplishments 
1. Website about ready with content
2. Advisory board invitations about finished and email drafted
3. Performance management about ready for survey design
4. Agenda drafted for consultant kick-off

Week of August 10 Goals 
1. Finish advisory board invitations & materials (three to confirm, two nominations needed) 
2. Finish initial draft of Data Center Website
3. Develop training materials for loading data
4. WPRDC performance management - talk to Survey Research and develop surveys and materials
5. CLE & WAS Bio
6. Schedule launch events

Week of August 3 Accomplishments 
1. Heinz proposal submitted!
2. Advisory board invitations moving along, but waiting for vacations to end (three to confirm, two nominations needed) 
3. Built more Web content
4. WPRDC performance management outline in place - to be edited and turned into surveys
5. Developed request intake form.
Did not yet get to:
6. training materials for loading data
7. CLE & WAS Bio - prepare for APDU, confirm Cleveland
8. Schedule launch events?

Week of August 3 Goals 
1. Prepare and submit proposal
2. Advisory board invitations & materials (three to confirm, two nominations needed) 
3. Build Web content
4. Develop training materials for loading data
5. WPRDC performance management outline
6. CLE & WAS Bio
7. Schedule launch events


Week of July 27: Accomplishments and reflections
1. Took longer than expected to pull together proposal information.
2. Most advisory board members said yes. Waiting on a few...
3. Website edits underway.
4. Training still needed for City and County staff.

Week of July 27 Goals 
1. Prepare additional budgets
2. Advisory board invitations
3. Build Web content
4. Develop training materials for loading data
5. WPRDC performance management


Week of July 20: Accomplishments and reflections
1. data loading training went well, but users can benefit from step by step instructions. - also update assessment documentation.
2. Legal being signed.
3. Performance management - worksheet sent to NNIP partners.
4. Funders happy with progress.
5. Started inviting advisory board members.


Week of July 20 Goals 
1. Train City in use of data portal, metadata, 
2. Get Legal agreements signed
3. Have good meetings with foundations Heinz & RKMF
4. Advisory board invites to be made
5. Add content to Website
6. Send out performance management to NNIP


Week of July 13: Accomplishments and reflections
1. Metadata and privacy documents are ready in draft.
2. Legal done.
3. Performance management progress on profiles.
4. Progress with County data loading, and building good relationships
5. Data user guide concept will be valuable.
6. Work on foundation slides


Week of July 13 Goals 
1. Prepare all data loading materials and load County data to the portal on Tues.
2. Start on Web content
3. Share performance management with NNIP partners
4. Call advisory board members and offer invitations
5. Start consultant engagement process
6. User guides to be developed

Week of July 6: Accomplishments and reflections
1. Metadata training almost done and will be ready for 1st data loading day + consultants
2. Performance management worksheet needs only an hour and then can be shared. Providence test went well.
3. Ready to start writing content for the Website. hoped to start by now, but metadata...
4. Advisory board recruitment needs to take place this week. 
5. Need to get instructions together in how to load data. 
6. Always takes at least one day to get back into the swing of it after vacation.

Week of July 6 Goals (short week, out until 7/8)
1. Get everything in place for data upload (as draft), including metadata training and privacy practices.
2. Start on Web content
3. Make real progress on performance management.
4. Begin advisory board recruitment
5. Begin to schedule consultant check-ins and work flows.

Note: Out week of June 29

Week of June 22: Accomplishments and reflections
1. Metadata training could have gone faster. So many technical details to master re. administrative metadata
2. Performance management worksheet moving ahead. Hope to share with NNIP partners mid-July.
3. Ready to start writing content for the Website.
4. Advisory board recruitment needs to take place after 4th of July. Still need names. 
5. About time I took an hour to finally organize the office.
6. Hope to have a legal agreement very soon. 
7. Things ready to go with portal consultants on my end. 

Week of June 22 Goals
1. Get everything in place for data upload (as draft), including metadata training and privacy practices.
2. Get a drink when legal is complete.
3. Make real progress on performance management.
4. Schedule data upload day at County.
5. Develop Web content
6. Begin advisory board recruitment
7. Think about managing portal consultants

Week of June 15: Accomplishments and reflections
1. Good progress on metadata, need to finalize and develop training and find date to hold for the County.
2. Glad we started a privacy white paper. Developing a good process is more essential than once thought. 
3. Managing how we protect privacy and work with the City and County on their review process is very important.
4. Great meeting with the County leadership this week has us excited. 
5 Legal is so close...
6. Performance management a focus area for next week. As is the Website text.
7. Think about how to manage portal consultants before contract signed!


Week of June 15 Goals
1. Get all legal documents finished and signed.
2. Organize calendar for path to launch
3. Check calendars starting with government relations - launch
4. Complete metadata framework
5. Board member list complete
6. Accela/Ontodia SOW and sole-source to purchasing
7. Organize outline on Website content
8. Finish privacy white paper with Mike
9. Think about performance management, and start a framework

Week of June 8: Accomplishments and reflections
1. made a lot of progress on the path to launch at thursday's meeting. Focused on sharing out notes and support materials.
2. need to move along the legal yesterday. Everything now finished on Pitt side, including name change in documents
3. I'll spend time next week on organizing all of the tasks for launch. Will save time to be organized in the long run
4. also ran out of time on the scope of work. Monday task. 
5. Sharing what we do is important for the next city to try this. Benefitted so much from San Francisco's work.


Week of June 8 Goals
1. Metadata, privacy, and performance management a focus of my Data Center work. 
2. Write leadership team meeting notes/summary.
3. Finalize RDC name.
4. City/County approval of scope of work for portal needed.
4. Meeting this Thurs. to outline path to launch, metadata
5. Push performance management to Jake and ProvPlan, and add to instructions.
6. CfA receipts 

Week of June 1: Accomplishments and reflections
1. Scope of work for portal and legal awaiting final approval.
2. Users' conference went very well, and happy to have shipped. 
3. Guess that indicator a big hit. Helps to keep people in the room, and keep prizes fun (Lil' Dimples)
4. Great feedback on data users groups: Organize by topic, not domain. rotate topics and locations each time. Have around 2 pm, but not on a Monday.
5. Leadership team meetings going well. Excited to plan the pathway to launch.
6. Work with the County on data apporvals, and data loading process. Focus on metadata next week.
7. National Day of Civic Hacking went well. More learning opportunities for mapping is a good direction. 
8. Challenges can be a regular feature of OpenPgh and many other events - on-boarding

Week of June 1: Goals 
1. Get City/County scope of work approval and submit to Pitt Purchasing
2. Develop and submit CfA proposal (due June 1)
3. Prepare presentation and materials and hold successful users' conference
4. Develop agenda and hold next project team meeting (CoP/AC).
5. Share performance management framework for Profiles with Jake and Providence
6. Continue work on privacy and metadata materials (w/ 311 assessment), begin preparing Wordpress site for launch
7. Get user group meetings in place with ACHD
8. Schedule meetings with County GIS, PLI, PWSA

Week of May 26: Accomplishments and reflections
1. Almost there on sharing purchasing documents with the City and County. 
2. Successful week in getting user conference signups - 80+ - personal emails work best, but time consuming to think about who should receive.
3. Almost ready to share performance indicator framework with Jake Cowan and Providence. Testing...
4. Finished wish-list materials and shared with the County
5. Still need to find time to devote to metadata and privacy.
6. I need to schedule a lot of meetings next week.
7. Hopefully User Conference planning won't be too time-consuming.
8. First week of snippets was helpful.

Week of May 26: Goals (short week)
1. Finish and submit purchasing process documents for data portal
2. Promote UCSUR data users conference
3. Develop performance management framework for Profiles and RDC
4. Continue work on privacy and metadata materials
5. Prepare county data wish list supporting docs. 
6. UCSUR Wordpress/CKAN
